{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15420\viewh12100\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 The Legend Begins\
\
Change-log v0.3.5\
\

\b0 ---> Finished and added scenarios 58x to 65x.\
---> Improvement of AI behaviour in episode-2. This includes removal of deprecated AI aspects as well as deletion of AI Aspects that had virtually no effect on the RCA AI. Replacement of deprecated sub tags such as target, protect_unit with goal tags...\
---> Minor tweaks in episode-1\
---> Implemented Kojac, Krog, and Galec's portraits in episode 2.\
---> Made enemy leaders in scenario 44 recruit Dusk Faeries and Elven Ghosts. I made this change before but forgot to redo them during laptop change...
\b \
\
Change-log v0.3.0\
\

\b0 ---> Finished and added scenarios 53x to 58x. (Completed Snow Kingdoms story arc) \
---> Fully implemented Kojac's, Krog's and Galec's portrait in story and scenario for episode-1\
---> Updated episode-3's plot again!\
---> Improvement of AI behaviour in episode-1. This includes removal of deprecated AI aspects as well as deletion of AI Aspects that had virtually no effect on the RCA AI. Replacement of deprecated sub tags such as target, protect_unit with goal tags...\
---> Brother against Brother: Horse-based guardian units now follow patrols around the city areas.\
---> Finally fixed the charm ability. (Thanks 8680)
\b \
\
Change-log v0.2.7\
\

\b0 ---> New map for Scenario 8 - Dead Caves\
---> Scenario 53 New scenario\
---> New portrait for Jahin, Fairuz, Sreeyoshee and Galec\
---> New terrain Stone Doorways, 2 new sets of Castles (Thanks to cephalo and doofus-01 respectively)\
---> New Units - Northern humans. (copied and altered from Vultraz's NX-RPG)
\b \
\
Change-log v0.2.3\
\

\b0 ---> Made units load faster\
---> Updated menu descriptions\
---> Updated Story map\
\

\i ---> The Passing of Barus\

\i0 Re-adjusted the scenario's difficulty.\
\
---> The Cave of Webs\
Made scenario harder
\b \
\
Changelog v0.2.2\
\

\b0 Episode 1:-\
\

\i Approaching the Academy\

\i0 Made leaders harder to kill.\
\

\i Meeting of Allies\

\i0 Dialogue revisions.\
Storytext revisions (Made use of captions)\
\
Episode 2:-\
\

\i Return to Irdya\

\i0 Gave player control of side 8 (Solved lagging problem)\
Improvement in AI algorithms\
Total map re-design.\
\

\i Civil War\

\i0 Gave side 3 more income.\
\

\i Coast of the Traitor\

\i0 New map and scenario re-balancing.\
\

\i Ethereal Castle\

\i0 Edited Azura's dialogue about Shirzo's origins.\
\
Episode 3:-\
Plot finalized (lacking in branch paths, only linear scenarios).\
Ending of campaign moved to a possible E4 (Still working on rough stuff)\
\

\i Too Late - New Scenario added\
Clash of Armies - New Scenario added.
\i0 \
\
Episode 4:-\
Plot is a work-in-progress. Idea of resurrecting Faria re-added.\
\
Both E1 and E2:-\
Separated scenarios and maps into episode directories.\
Usage of new terrain in maps.\
\
Misc:-\
Replaced old unit IDs with the latest ones. (Removed File)\
Added a custom advancement that allows Krog to advance to Troll Warmonger\
\
New Terrains:-\
Earthy Rockbound cave.\
Tundra
\b \
\
Changelog v0.2.1\
\

\b0 Story:-\
Rough draft for Episode 3 part 1 written, not finalized yet.\
Removed any thoughts of Resurrecting Faria. She will be resurrected in a later story, but not as Jahin's love interest.
\b \
\

\b0 General:-\
Death event for generic loyal units added (side 1 only).\
Fixed ID changes.\
The Campaign will use the new IDs once 1.12 comes out. So, ignore this line for now.\
Separated the units sources.\
Added custom Terrains.\
---> Dry Elvish Castle\
---> Vampire Castle and Keep\
---> Summoning Runes and Circles (extracted from 
\i The Silver Lands
\i0 )\
---> Blood Lake\
---> Portals (Active and Destroyed)
\b \
\

\b0 Episode 1:- \
Cleared out variables in the last scenarios.\
Fixed up grammatical errors.\
In scenario 16-01 edited Jahin's dialogue to say a week instead of months. You can't really spend that much time underground.\
Shorten period of drake-orc war to just six months.\
Made Sadia follow the Arch Mage advancement.\
Fixed a typing error.\
Mage --> Red Mage --> Arch Mage
\b \
\

\b0 Episode 2:-\
Added missing death event for Calewen in scenario 38. Sorry about that....\
Completed scenario 38x.\
Completed scenario 39.\
Made Trithdrol a loyal unit from a hero unit. \
Scenario 40-43 added.\
Scenario 44-46 added.\
Scenario 47-49 added. \
Scenario 50 added, completing episode.\
\
Episode 3:-\
Rough story draft
\b \
\

\b0 Units:-\
New Additions:-\
---> Catapult\
---> Human Warlord\
---> Dwarven Soldier \
---> Dwarven Warrior     \
---> Dwarven Warlord\
---> The Dark Woses\
---> Imps\
---> Chaos Raider (no advancement added)\
---> Blood Hulk +8 cost\
---> Dwarvish Warrior and Warlord +1 melee damage\
\
Abilities / Weapon Specials:-\
Cleave removed. Stupid weapon special doesn't work!\
Charm added (working on making it work)\
\
Revised:-\
---> Hell Guardian\
---> Demon\
---> Demon Grunt\
---> Demon Warrior\
---> Demon Zephyr\
---> Chaos Invoker\
---> Chaos Magus\
---> Chaos Lorekeeper\

\b \
\
Changelog v0.1.1\

\b0 \
\ul Episode One:-\
\
\ulnone Fixed textdomain error\
Added RANGED_DAMAGE_MACRO_24 used in scenario 24.\
Fixed teleportation issues in scenario 15a by applying the macros from 
\i Isthmus Abez
\i0  (by Darks and franz) scenario.\
Krog gets a new portrait when he advances.\
WOL change counteracted by using ENABLE_LIVING_VOLCANO.\
Fixed a typo in scenario 18 
\i Assault on Azorgath.\

\i0 Fixed typos in various scenarios.\
Increased turn limit of 
\i Passing of Barus 
\i0 by 30 turns in all difficulties.\
Completed scenario 26x.\
Removed mention of the word 'Klesva' as it was not under copyright terms.\
TIW, TROG and TWP will be corrected at this.\
Gave Krog clearer objectives in 
\i Brother Against Brother\
\

\i0 \ul Episode Two:-\
\ulnone 27. Dying Forest added.\
28. Fire and Lightning added.\
29. Find the Library added.\
30. Nature's Wrath added.\
30x. Goodbye Gioviel added.\
31. Escape added.\
31x. Mixed Feelings added.\
32. Civil War added.\
33. War in the North added.\
34. Autumn Woods added.\
35. Terror at Sil added.\
36. Haunts of the Night added.\
37. Vengeful Spirits added.\
36. Save the Princess added.\
Parts 2.5 out of a planned 5 done.
\i \
\

\i0 \ul Overall:
\i \ulnone \
Added names for the episodes.\
Removed World Maps\
Added the finalized world map (Episode 1 only).\

\i0 \

\b Changelog v0.1.0\

\b0 \
Initial Release, episode 1 with 28 playable scenarios.}