{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Episode 2 (Late 2 YW)
\b0 \
\
Jahin, Affan and Kraag arrive at the former location of the Misty Forest, now a desolate wood of dead trees. They see a remnant of vampires and kill every single one of them as an act of retribution for their fallen kinsmen. A few days later they are only a day's march away from the Academy and find the Elemental Masters Arvith, Rhodes and Gioviel, along with the elves in a heated battle. The Genesis army intervenes and the battle is won by the allies, though many elves perish due to the storm elementalist's wrath. Gioviel, determined to end the Academy's attacks on the allies and also for personal revenge, convinces Jahin to storm into the Academy and destroy it. Jahin is at first, reluctant, but agrees when Affan reminds him that their friend Ashhab is still imprisoned there. Jahin and Gioviel along with some humans enter the Academy. They fight elementals and eventually reach the library. They find an imprisoned Ashhab and free him. Gioviel also finds a book of ancient spells. Ashhab, now, a mage versed well in the magic of the storms willingly agrees to help. They then enter the main hall, which is the only way to the keep. They face Mistress Emma, the elementalist of nature. She asks of about Faria, revealing to be her grandmother. After hearing Jahin's answer, she is furious and summons the Guardians of Earth to decimate the allies, the allies prevail, but they lose a considerable proportion of their soldiers. They then advance to the keep. When they break down the doors they find that Marcus is waiting for them. Marcus shows his true powers and transforms into a Pure Master of the Elements. He summons the most powerful of all elementals to finish off the heroes. When the allies realized that there is no hope of winning, Gioviel sends the others away while she and the remaining elves stay and fight. Before leaving, Jahin is given the book by Gioviel, saying to give it to Lord Morfin and adding that it may contain the answers to their underground problem. Jahin, Affan and the others escape in the last possible moment to see the Academy vanish away in a bright ray of light. Jahin explains to Lord Morfin of what had transpired inside and Gioviel is presumed dead. As the allies and elves are about to return to Genesis, Greth, a drake glider, arrives and requests aid. The allies learn that Kor Vas has been slain and the drakes entered into a civil war for supremacy. Fearing that a civil war might tear down the alliance from the inside, Jahin and the humans go north, while Lord Morfin returns to the Last Forest with the book. The remaining elves along with Ashhab are sent to reinforce Genesis.\
\
The allies arrive inside the camp of Gashinar, one of the five high dominants, while he is fighting another dominant. A council is held afterwards and Jahin explains that the drakes must be remain together to stop the advance of the legion and their allies. The following month is spent in the northern deserts fighting the drakes, placing Gashinar as the new dominant and confronting the Legion army. The drakes then attack the Forest of Fear and find that Kojac and his orcs as well as Krog and his trolls are fighting there. It is seen that there is a magical portal in the forest that is connected to the vampires homelands. This explained the appearance of the Woodlanders during the siege of Genesis. The allies prevailed due to greater tactical positions, but the woodlanders erase the markings of the portal preventing it to be used by the allies. Kojac and Gashinar, have their troops burn down the forest. Jahin and Lord Gashinar then arrive at the ruins of Sil and find Mor-Inal there and the elementalist uses his powers to resurrect Kor Vas. The Skeletal dragon is huge but the allies manage to conquer it. With the north stabilized, the humans begin the return journey to Genesis. They arrive in Genesis during winter and face the effects of Mor-Inal's curse. The entire city is surrounded by the resurrected dead of the past defenders every night. The friends meet in council and it is revealed by Ashhab that an artifact called the White Sapphire is required to remove the curse. Ashhab tells everyone what he learnt about the artifact and it is confirmed that Jahin, Fairuz and Ashhab should leave Genesis once more, leaving Affan and most of their veteran troops and go South to retrieve the artifact, whilst Galec along with some of his elves return to the forest to bring the book which contains the required spell. Kraag is sent North to see how the other allies were doing.\
\
Jahin and his men travel south for days and gather the aid of Amorith and her faeries. They keep to the forests and eventually see a battle between elves, dwarves and humans against the Chaos empire. The three sides are losing but the tides turn as Jahin and his men attack the Chaos army from the side. The Sand-land Coalition - the name of the alliance between the desert humans, elves and dwarves invite Jahin to meet the leaders of their alliance. Jahin and his men are taken inside the caves and eventually enter a beautifully cavern decorated with runes. They meet the Dwarven Arcanister, Glamatus, the elven chieftain, Norfildor, and the human leader, Jalin. Jahin is surprised to find that Jalin is no older than himself. A council is held and Glamatus reveals the location of the sapphire. Glamatus then tells the tale of a female mage who went to seek a flaming sword in that place and never returned. Hearing this, Jahin learns the faith of Faria's mother. After attending a feast, Jahin and his men leave for the Realm of Fire, the location of both the sword and the stone. Jalin, intrigued by the sword's description, joins Jahin with his personal body guards. The dwarves sentries lead through a network of tunnels, arrive in front of a vast iron gate deep beneath the dwarves citadel. The allies prepare and breakdown the gates. The realm is a lava covered cavern with a sword resting on a stone in the centre. To Jahin's surprise, he finds Mor-Inal there. Mor-Inal binds the sword into a dragon, heads to a keep and starts to recruit. Jahin and Jalin fight their way towards Mor-Inal but the elementalist leaves saying that battle between him and Jahin was not to come yet. The humans then attack the warrior and defeat him. The warrior drops the sword saying that the sword is cursed and should be welded by a person worthy and willing to take the risk. Jalin, saying that he fears no curse, takes the sword. Jahin then fights his way to the stone and retrieves it. They return to the dwarven citadel and find that the eastern gate is almost is broken by the vampires. The heroes reinforce the east gate and conquer the vampires and woodlanders. Jahin takes his leave, saying that he has found what he was looking for. Before Jahin leaves, he offers Jalin to take his people to Genesis, where they may stay and help defend it. Jalin agrees as his old home was burned down by the demons. The party returns to Genesis only to find it surrounded by a horde of undead. Galec is already there with the book and he has place the book at a high tower. Ashhab says that he must reach the tower by the night to cast the spell. Jalin's troops distract the undead while Jahin and his men escort Ashhab to the high tower. Ashhab reaches the high tower and casts the spell. The sapphire rises high into the air and radiates a light equal to the intensity of the sun. Everything is covered in a white light and before anyone has a clue, the undead collapse and the curse is lifted. Kraag and Galec have already returned and a council is held. Due to his bravery and heroism, Jahin is named the Lord of New Genesis. Kraag reports that due to continuous defeats, the vampires are weakened enough to be attacked. It is decided by Lord Warren to attack the vampires head on. Sadia, Affan and Ashhab and half of the Genesis army remain at Genesis, while Jahin take the other half and march eastwards towards the Fort Bloodmore. Jalin and his men also join the attack. Galec, Amorith and Kraag are sent South to enlist the aid of the dwarves of King Glamatus and then start the attacks on the Forest of Anuvien - a forest to the far southeast and the final resting place of the mighty Elven Sorceress Anuvien. The allies attack Fort Bloodmore. The vampires are ambushed by the dwarves and the allies receive a quick victory. Jalin orders his men to stay at Bloodmore and help the dwarves defend it. Jahin and his men return to Genesis accompanied by Jalin who has left one of his loyal commanders in charge of the fort. When the arrive, they find Genesis under siege by a massive elemental army led by none other then Mor-Inal himself. Jalin requests the others to clear a path towards Morin for him. The battle starts. Jalin is successful at reaching Morin and manages to strike him down with the Dragonheart. Mor-Inal with his last breath destroys Jalin and resurrects himself as a Lich. He then resurrects Jalin as undead Death Knight and also resurrects Mahir as a Death Knight and adds that Jalin was willing to take the risk but he was not worthy to wield the mighty weapon and he disappears with the skeletal Jalin and Mahir challenging Jahin once more. Only the dragonheart remains on the ground, but it is now an ordinary sword. All the magic it contained had been used up. All the elementals collapsed and Genesis is free from another siege. While planning for new strategies, Jahin sends Kraag to the allied lands for news and scouting reports. Jahin and his men stay at New Genesis.\
\
Few days afterwards, the humans receive an invitation by Lord Morfin as the elves have found a way to 'open the mountain.'  Excited at the thought of seeing the mountain open Jahin and his friends leave Genesis under the command of Affan, and go to the Last Forest. When they arrive at the Elvish Council building. Lord Morfin, approaches and tells that the elves have been researching some pages of the book and found a spell that should cause the mountain to open and allow light to enter. The ritual is performed, but there is a fault as the elvish spell casters recite the wrong page, meaning they cast the wrong spell. The whole forest is engulfed by a dark mist (although the mountains do open) and the woses are transformed into something evil, the Dark Woses. The woses start attacking and Morfin orders a full evacuation. Jahin and his friends help by fighting dark woses as the elves and the faeries are evacuated. The elves and humans escape from the cave and return to Genesis. Lord Morfin is depressed to know that another home is lost by the elves. Jahin tells him about the vast forest on the south-eastern region of the isle. Lord Morfin decides to take the remaining elves south and help Galec in his battles. The elves request him to aid them in the south but, Jahin decides to sit this battle out and remain at Genesis, but he sends Ashhab with them. While defending Genesis, Jahin and the rest encounter the main Chaos army led by the notorious Mal-Shirzo, head of the Iron Triad. The Chaos hordes seemed endless and Jahin and his army are nearly overwhelmed, Shirzo orders to cease attacking and says that 
\b "Jahin, you're end is not to come yet."
\b0  The Demon Lady Nadia then casts a spell that sends Jahin, Fairuz, Sadia, and a few other humans somewhere. The humans start organizing their defenses again under the command of Affan. Jahin and the rest find themselves in the realm of the Inferno. They explore and find out that they are in a battlefield where four demon lords are fighting in a civil war while their queen sleeps. Severely outnumbered, the humans offer themselves as mercenaries. After helping their employer win, they journey further into demon lands and manage to find Azura, the sage among the demons. Azura tells them that she can send them home, on the condition that Jahin must defeat Shirzo and destroy the portal to the Inferno located at the heart of the Chaos Empire, explaining who Shirzo was or will be. Jahin willingly agrees. The heroes are then sent to their realm. Meanwhile, the elves under Galec and Lord Morfin have been attacking the vampires and woodlanders and have managed to get to the location of the portal. Just as the main battle is about to begin, Jahin and his friends arrive from the portal. Jahin immediately destroys the portal and orders the attacks on the enemies.\
The enemy is being led by the Vampire Queen Anuvien (the Elvish Sorceress who was though to be dead.) herself. She proves to be a formidable adversary, only to be bested by Sadia. Using the last of her strength, the Queen bites Sadia in the neck, snapping it. Sadia dies. The allies are victorious and have full control over the forest.}