{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22840\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Episode 3 (Mid 2 YW)
\b0 \
\
After burying Sadia, a brief council is held and Jahin is given the Book of Ancients. The heroes then begin the journey homewards. They arrive at New Genesis and fight off the remaining Chaos guards. The population has survived by hiding in the city's underground caverns. Jahin and Fairuz arrive at the northern most legion city and help Kojac and Gashinar destroy it. The allies then hold a council and it is decided that Jahin and Fairuz will try to infiltrate the capital city while the orcs and drakes distract the legions. At the battle, Jahin spots an opening in the mountains leading directly into the Legion Capital and enters it there. Jahin clears the tunnel and then Fairuz disguises himself and emerges into the Emperor's Castle. Fairuz fails to assassinate the Emperor, but manages to escape by befriending Shifti, the daughter of the Emperor. As they promised the explorer Perkins, Jahin and Kojac venture into the lands of the Snow Kingdom, while Gashinar returns to his lands. (3 playable + 1 dialogue scenarios)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 They fight off the vanguard of the usurper's army. Kojac decides to take one route whilst Jahin takes the other of the side passages (Diverging campaign path). On either route, Jahin rescues a mage, Sreeyoshee on his journey. They meet the princess/lord at the northern city and help her fight off the main army. They then marched towards the usurper's palace and then dethrone her, with the help of Kojac. The princess awards Jahin with the resurrection stone (item which can be used to revive 2 lives in 24 hours). On his return to New Genesis, Jahin finds that the dwarves are here, and as refugees. Jahin offers then to stay inside the underground caverns (Late-Autumn). Jahin also recovers a weird sort of amulet that allows him to recruit nightmares and aberrations. A week afterwards, all the ally leaders arrive at New Genesis and the Alliance of Light is found. The long-awaited attack on the vampires is initialised. (6 scenarios + 2 dialogue)\
\

\b (3 YW Begins)
\b0 \
\
The combined army of dwarves, orcs and humans attack the vampire twin cities and the battle is won when the human slaves revolt and join Jahin. The allies march northwards next to help the Aragwaithi. At the vampire northern fort, Jahin meets his mother's murderer. Jahin asks Sedoc to withdraw Northwards, whilst his army settles Jahin's vendetta. The allies then go towards the southern city, and encounter Mor-Inal and his monstrosities while marching through a forest. Mahir betrays them by joining Mor-Inal. The southern city (with the death of Princess Solita) is conquered with the help of the  wood and desert elves. The allies use the vampire ships to gain passage to their capital which they attack after a week of rest. The allies distract the vampire army while Jahin and his friends manage to infiltrate through an underground passage. Jahin and Fairuz get separated from the rest and find another immortality portion. They join the others at the battle against the High Methuselah and succeed in defeating him by creating a light equal to the intensity of Sela (Irdya's Sun). Fairuz is mortally wounded in the process. Jahin uses the immortality potion to revive him, turning Fairuz into an immortal superhuman in the process. They resurface and decimate the capital, remaining vampires flee east, others are shown mercy, but are warned to never leave the island. (7scenarios + 1 dialogue )\
\
Arriving home during the summer, Jahin is met with grave news. The drake rebellion had resulted in the death of Lord Gashinar and the drakes are now being led by the Red Dragon. The Drakes had attacked the orcish capital and slain Kojac, and the orcs had squandered into another civil war. Followers loyal to Kojac had gone underground with the trolls and were now fighting the drake menace. The worst was that the main Chaos army had finished the Dark Legion as well as the White Realm, and were coming to New Genesis, to finish things once and for all. Jahin orders the defences to be organised and sends for help. Ashhab searches through the Book of Ancients and finds spells that might help them. The dwarves begin to craft Ballistas and Catapults. The day of reckoning finally arrives, after two months, and the drakes attack from the North as well. Ashhab, Sreeyoshee and the Rune-crafters cast a spell that causes New Genesis to be enclose by impervious mountains. Ashhab enchants the water, making it lethal to drakes, imps and demons. The might of New Genesis causes its enemies to retreat. Lord Morfin and King Norfildur arrive and news arrives that the Aragwaithi had been forced to set sail northwards due to persistent drake attacks. Jahin suggests sending a group of trained warriors to the heart of the Chaos Empire and close the portal. Jahin and Sreeyoshee are convinced of staying behind, while Jalin leads the operation with the other heroes. Galec and Brandir (A renowned warrior of the Southern Elves) also join. Jahin's army and the elves (with assistance from the Mermen and Carapaces) attack the Chaos Harbour Port and stall them to allow Jalin  and the rest to sneak abroad a ship and sail off. The Chaos Harbour is decimated. Jalin sails the ship and makes landfall on the Northern Shore of the Chaos country and begins journeying Southwards, they reach a forest, full of abominations and manage to fight them off. Fairuz recognises one as Maruful, showing his sad fate. They arrive at the capital and find it under attack by Mor-Inal. To teach Morin a lesson, Shirzo tries to absorb the Sky Soul, but it backfires and results in a massive explosion that wipes out most of the landscape. Only Fairuz, Ashhab, Jalin, Shifty, Galec, and Brandir survive. Morin also survives but retreats due to heavy injuries. With the help of the Mermen, they succeed in closing the portal. They also find a shard of the Sky Soul Gem (the rest of the Gem had been disintegrated by the sheer energy of the explosion) and Ashhab decides to take it back to Sreeyoshee. (5 scenarios + 2 dialogue)\
\
Jalin and the rest arrive at New Genesis after a month, and a vast celebration is held to celebrate their victory. At the festival, Faria arrives suddenly, to everyone's astonishment. Faria at first apologies to Jahin, and then casts a spell that turns them into undead. Jahin and the rest flee from the attacking soldiers. Outside the city, Jahin and the others meet Sreeyoshee who tells them that they need to confront Faria and force her to turn them back. They sneak into the city (Ashhab gains the ability to raise skeletons), and confront Faria, but Mor-Inal appears and tells them that the only to cure them is to kill Faria. Jahin is unwilling and he damaged by Morin. Faria regains her consciousness and takes Jahin's concealed dagger and stabs herself, breaking the spell. Morin goes away. Jahin holds a dying Faria in his arms. Faria hands Jahin a note and they both share a kiss (A romantic farewell, that will incite Jahin's lust for vengeance). Jahin opens the note and finds the location of Mor-Inal's base and swears to finish him, once and for all. Faria is cremated and her ashes are left at the former location her house. (1 Scenario + 2 dialogue)\
\
Sreeyoshee researches the Gem and deems that they it can be used to forge a magical weapon, but she adds that the evil within the Gem needs to be diluted somehow. So, the help of the dwarven rune crafters, and Ashhab, a new magical sword is forged. Sreeyoshee and the dwarves enchant the sword with runes of the Light and silence the evil within the Gem for good. Jahin deems it the 
\b Sword of New Genesis
\b0  and wields it. The winter ends and the Drake entire army arrives, led by the nefarious dragon himself. Seeing an opportunity to defeat the Drakes once and for all, Jahin orders his army to switch to the Attack. With heavy casualties, Jahin succeeds in stabbing the Dragon with his magical weapon. The Dragon is killed and the drakes and saurians retreat, vowing never to attack again as their numbers had been weakened quite enough. Jahin sends scouts to see the state of the Chaos Empire and also sends Kraag to pinpoint the exact location of Morin's layer. Two months afterwards, the council regathers again and the scouts return. The Chaos Empire has sailed westwards, away from Arkenova (The reason will be revealed in the campaign sequel - Involves Maat'Kare). \
Jahin suggests that they attack the Dark Elementalist as his lair has been located \'97 within a mountain in the Snow Kingdom. Jahin takes the entire army of New Genesis and is joined by Galec and the Elven army. With the help of Princess Afrin, they enter the layer, and succeed in confronting Mor-Inal. They vanquish the Lich, only to find that is was an impostor and that the real Mor-Inal had left to the SIlver Lands for some other business. (2 scenarios + 1 dialogue)\
\
Peace is restored throughout Arkenova, the remaining abandoned Chaos cities are demolished and trade routes are established between New Genesis, the elves, Mermen, Carapaces, Trolls, and the Southern Elves. Five years later, Jahin feels like that he should pay the Aragwaithi a visit, and begins his journey alongside Fairuz and his comrades, Galec, Sreeyoshee and Krog. In Jahin's absence, New Genesis is ruled jointly by Affan, Ashhab and the married couple Shifti and Jalin.\
\
\
}