{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green8\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15040\viewh14300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "How did I make the Chaos Empire appear in TLB?"\
\
The above question has been asked by almost everybody who knows the plot of my campaign.\
\
Thus, I have prepared an answer for all of them.\
\
From the Page of Late History:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa84

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 1799 YW (middle)
\f0\b0\fs26 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa26
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}A massive cataclysm ensues, devastating the entirety of Irdya. All shorelines are completely reshaped, large volcanic eruptions occur, and aftershocks in the form of great earthquakes continue to occur over the course of years. Buildings are completely or partially destroyed by the natural disasters. The Old Continent begins to sink.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26
\cf2 \
\cf0 From the Page of Irdya After the Fall:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa84

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 90 BE\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa26
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs26 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Argan sends Mal-Dorzat with a battalion to conquer barbarian lands in the Far South of the Great Continent.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}An expedition led by Mal-Himir is sent to the East in search for the Old Continent.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26
\cf2 \
\cf0 Now to the prelude:\
\
82 BE to 29 DE:\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i \cf0 Mal-Himir and his expedition eventually arrive at Argea, but find the Continent to be an inundated wasteland. The Lich decides that establishing a base would be near to impossible and thus, orders his expedition to sail eastwards, stumbling upon the Green Isle. A colony is situated at the former ruins of Southbay and after a period of 110 years, the city of (insert a name here) is established at the former location of Blackmore.\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i0 \cf0 40 - 60 DE:\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i \cf0 Shaxthal hives are built at the former locations of Stormvale and Jevyan's Haven. Two other cities are built at Southbay and Clearwater Port.
\i0 \
\
70 - 80 DE:\
\

\i Some Aragwaith kingdoms and Orcish clans at the Green Isle are attacked by the Chaos Empire's army (Mal-Himir's division). The former retaliates and a war results.\
After a long and harsh battle throughout, the Chaos Empire triumphs and has absolute control over the Green Isle. Aragwaith and Orcish survivors are executed.\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i0 \cf0 100 DE:\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i \cf0 Mal-Himir realises that research would greatly benefit Uria and thus, uses most of his resources in new magic and technology.\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i0 \cf0 110 DE:\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i \cf0 Mal-Himir takes two apprentices - Shirzo and Zenthos - and teaches them the necromantic craft.\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i0 \cf0 155 DE:\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i \cf0 Shirzo and Zenthos are made Mal-Himir's generals. Mal-Himir sends them north to conquer any lands which may yet be unexplored by the Empire.\
The news of Argan's death reaches Mal-Himir and he initiates 'Plan B',  which Argan had instructed him to do.\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i0 \cf0 158-165 DE:\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i \cf0 The news of Zhangor's demise reaches Mal-Himir.\
The Chaos hordes of Shirzo and Zenthos arrive at the southern shores of Arkenova. They start their conquest by attacking New Genesis. Even though it was well fortified, New Genesis is destroyed and the survivors are forced to flee.\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i0 \cf0 168-180 DE:\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa26

\i \cf0 In a nutshell, the Chaos Empire attacks Zetharon, inciting the Alliance of Light's wrath upon them. Another Great War occurs. Meanwhile, the survivors find a way to reach the resting place of Jahin and awaken him. Jahin is made aware of the Chaos in Arkenova and he returns to fight it. The Chaos Empire is defeated by the superior tactics of the warmaster and compelled to retreat. The Alliance of Light recovers its strength and Jahin contacts his old friends who are still alive and together they band together as the Alliance of Irdya. The battle is taken to the Green Isle and the Chaos Empire suffers humiliating defeats. As a last resort, Mal-Himir casts a newly-researched time-travel spell to avoid destruction, killing him in the process.}