{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18400\viewh12000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 The Legend Begins\
\
Changelog v0.2.1\
\

\b0 Story:-\
Rough draft for Episode 3 part 1 written, not finalized yet.\
Removed any thoughts of Resurrecting Faria. She will be resurrected in a later story, but not as Jahin's love interest.
\b \
\

\b0 General:-\
Death event for generic loyal units added (side 1 only).\
Fixed ID changes.\
The Campaign will use the new IDs once 1.12 comes out. So, ignore this line for now.\
Separated the units sources.\
Added custom Terrains.\
---> Dry Elvish Castle\
---> Vampire Castle and Keep\
---> Summoning Runes and Circles (extracted from 
\i The Silver Lands
\i0 )\
---> Blood Lake\
---> Portals (Active and Destroyed)
\b \
\

\b0 Episode 1:- \
Cleared out variables in the last scenarios.\
Fixed up grammatical errors.\
In scenario 16-01 edited Jahin's dialogue to say a week instead of months. You can't really spend that much time underground.\
Shorten period of drake-orc war to just six months.\
Made Sadia follow the Arch Mage advancement.\
Fixed a typing error.\
Mage --> Red Mage --> Arch Mage
\b \
\

\b0 Episode 2:-\
Added missing death event for Calewen in scenario 38. Sorry about that....\
Completed scenario 38x.\
Completed scenario 39.\
Made Trithdrol a loyal unit from a hero unit. \
Scenario 40-43 added.\
Scenario 44-46 added.\
Scenario 47-49 added. \
Scenario 50 added, completing episode.\
\
Episode 3:-\
Rough story draft
\b \
\

\b0 Units:-\
New Additions:-\
---> Catapult\
---> Human Warlord\
---> Dwarven Soldier \
---> Dwarven Warrior     \
---> Dwarven Warlord\
---> The Dark Woses\
---> Imps\
---> Chaos Raider (no advancement added)\
---> Blood Hulk +8 cost\
---> Dwarvish Warrior and Warlord +1 melee damage\
\
Abilities / Weapon Specials:-\
Cleave removed. Stupid weapon special doesn't work!\
Charm added (working on making it work)\
\
Revised:-\
---> Hell Guardian\
---> Demon\
---> Demon Grunt\
---> Demon Warrior\
---> Demon Zephyr\
---> Chaos Invoker\
---> Chaos Magus\
---> Chaos Lorekeeper\

\b \
\
Changelog v0.1.1\

\b0 \
\ul Episode One:-\
\
\ulnone Fixed textdomain error\
Added RANGED_DAMAGE_MACRO_24 used in scenario 24.\
Fixed teleportation issues in scenario 15a by applying the macros from 
\i Isthmus Abez
\i0  (by Darks and franz) scenario.\
Krog gets a new portrait when he advances.\
WOL change counteracted by using ENABLE_LIVING_VOLCANO.\
Fixed a typo in scenario 18 
\i Assault on Azorgath.\

\i0 Fixed typos in various scenarios.\
Increased turn limit of 
\i Passing of Barus 
\i0 by 30 turns in all difficulties.\
Completed scenario 26x.\
Removed mention of the word 'Klesva' as it was not under copyright terms.\
TIW, TROG and TWP will be corrected at this.\
Gave Krog clearer objectives in 
\i Brother Against Brother\
\

\i0 \ul Episode Two:-\
\ulnone 27. Dying Forest added.\
28. Fire and Lightning added.\
29. Find the Library added.\
30. Nature's Wrath added.\
30x. Goodbye Gioviel added.\
31. Escape added.\
31x. Mixed Feelings added.\
32. Civil War added.\
33. War in the North added.\
34. Autumn Woods added.\
35. Terror at Sil added.\
36. Haunts of the Night added.\
37. Vengeful Spirits added.\
36. Save the Princess added.\
Parts 2.5 out of a planned 5 done.
\i \
\

\i0 \ul Overall:
\i \ulnone \
Added names for the episodes.\
Removed World Maps\
Added the finalized world map (Episode 1 only).\

\i0 \

\b Changelog v0.1.0\

\b0 \
Initial Release, episode 1 with 28 playable scenarios.}