{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21480\viewh13940\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 THE GREAT ISLE\
(History)
\b0 \
\

\b Historical events corrected with the Wesnoth timeline
\b0 \
\

\b BW: Before Wesnoth\
YW: Years Wesnoth
\b0 \
\
1185 BW: In the distant old continent, war breaks out between the land of Anaktoron and Lich Lord Cahal. At first, the forces of the empire are victorious and Jevyan is crowned emperor. On his first day as emperor, he succumbs to old age and accepts Lich Lord Cahal's offer of becoming a Lich Lord. Antheia, granddaughter of Ariphon - advisor to the emperor, takes most of the remaining population and sets sail away from Anaktoron, leaving it to be devastated by the Lich Lords. 
\b [Library of Kratemaqht]
\b0 \
\
1184 BW: Human refugees from the empire of Anaktoron, arrive at the western shores of Great Isle. Seeing the land fit for colonization, they start to build a new empire.\
\
1164 BW: The Empire of New Anaktoron is found.\
\
650 BW: After centuries of peace, the empire faces internal corruption.\
\
648 BW: War breaks and divides the humans under two factions - Empire of Amonight, and Kingdom of Estersage.\
\
645 BW: The Kingdom Estersage loses the war.\
\
600-599 BW: The Elves of Twilight Forest start a war against the Human Empire of Amonight. The Humans retaliate and ends up destroying the entirety of the The Twilight Forest. The Elves flee to the North and South. The Orcs start a war against the Imperialists. The Imperialists, vastly outnumbered, have their mages construct a thick wall from the earth forming the Invincible Wall. 
\b [The Invincible Wall]\
\

\b0 590 BW: Orcs wage a war, against the mighty dragon Kor Vas. Saurians, trolls and goblins are drawn into the conflict.\
\
(Never mess with the drakes, once they switch to the offensive, there is no stoping them.)\
585 BW: Orcs declare their defeat against the Drakes.\
\
560-559 BW: A human lord, Tegwyn, gathering his loyal followers, leaves the Empire of Amonight via an underground tunnel and journeys into the former capital of the elves. Acquiring the aid of the Elemental Wizards, he constructs Genesis - the largest human city ever known. 
\b [Rise of Genesis]
\b0 \
\
545 BW: Genesis begins to expand. Due to the peacefulness, as the orcs are busy with their own wars, many soldiers settle in small villages surrounding Genesis, and start to focus more on horseback combat, giving birth to the Horse Clans\
\
(Made Tegwyn old at the start of 'Rise of Genesis')\
543 BW: Lord Tegwyn passes away, succumbed by old age. His son, Gwydoc becomes his successor.\
\
540 BW: Dantori, son of Gwydoc, is born.\
\
530-529 BW: A new War Chief among the orcs has risen and he lauches a full-scale assault on Genesis. Lord Gwydoc falls, and Genesis is captured. Dantori flees and vows to avenge his father. Dantori saves a troll tribe from orcs and earns their trust. Dantori manages to convince the horse clans to help recapture Genesis. They attack Genesis next and are successful in recapturing it. The orcs War Chief dies leaving the orcs in another civil war. Genesis is repaired, trolls and humans live together in harmony. Humans live inside the city, and the trolls reside in the underground catacombs beneath the city. Due to persistent orcish attacks on The Academy, the horse clans go to north, leaving Dantori's small army to defend the city.\
\
528 BW: The vampires launch a campaign in dominating the entire island. They begin first by attacking Genesis. Dantori falls after a long siege and the population is enslaved alongside trolls. 
\b [Fall of Genesis]\
\

\b0 527-526 BW: The Vampires manage to enslave the Horse Clans.\
\
520 BW : War spreads throughout the northern races - orcs, trolls, goblins, saurians and drakes.\
\
260 BW: Kratemaqht - guardian of the Library at the ancient capital of Anaktoron is visited by a mage, who had heard about the Library from a story, and the great dragon allows the mage and his students to live and study there.\
\
220 BW: Lich Lord Cahal visits the library in search of a book, but the great dragon denies him any access. Enraged, the lich summons his minions, which Kratemaqht easily overcomes. Defeated, the lich lord vows to return and kill him.\
\
210 BW Kratemaqht forges an alliance of various races in the Old Continent and declares war on the Lich Lords.\
\
201 BW: After a long war, Lich Lord Cahal is destroyed, and Jevyan takes the remainder of his followers and set sails.\
\
(Chronicler's Note: I have changed the layout of the map, so this just reduced to one year or three months.)\
201 BW: A faction of the Jevyan's followers, led by Prince Caldor arrive on the southwestern shores of the Great Isle. He leads his people to mercilessly conquer the broken Kingdom of Estersage and finds a new kingdom called New Wesland.\
\
195 BW: King Caldor starts a campaign against the cave cultists who had abducted his sister Eliza. He is successful at infiltrating the heart of the enemy lands, but fails to vanquish the Lich Shirzo. He brings down the capital, but is later killed by the incoming enemy army. 
\b [The Wesfolk Prince]
\b0 \
 \
150-149 BW: The Chaos empire heals itself and has similar intentions as of the vampires. The Invincible Wall is collapsed and the Dark Legion begins it's dominating attacks. New Wesland, Orcs, saurians, dwarves, trolls, the elementalists, elves and the drakes find themselves under pressure from three powerful enemies, but persist fighting one another. Southern nations - elves, dwarves, mer-folk and carapaces - become allied under one banner.\
\
139-120 BW: War continues and gets worse as Demons arrive from the 
\i Inferno
\i0  - the demons home plain.\
\
38 BW: The Grand Academy's High Mistress finds a wood elf infant in her garden. She finds herself bonded with the child, and raises Gioviel, the elf infant, as her own.\
28 BW: The ten-year-old Gioviel shows magical abilities and is trained in the elemental arts.\
24 BW: Gioviel accidentally drinks an evil potion and is banished from the academy. She searches for a new home, and finds the 
\i Last Forest
\i0  - An underground forest, created and inhabited by a faction of the Twilight Elves. She battles the undead and earns her place alongside them. 
\b [An Elven Elementalist]
\b0 \
\
20 BW: Krug, a troll slave in the vampire-occupied Genesis is born.\
\
19 BW: Jahin, a human slave in the vampire-occupied Genesis, is born.\
\
17 BW: Vampires conquer the Elf Fortress situated between Genesis and the Wall.\
\
16 BW: Barus, a power-hungry orc warlord,  ascends to be the High Chief.\
\
15 BW: The Chaos Imperialists conquer the Elf Fortress.\
\
(Space reserved for Kanzil's 
\i Epic of Jalin
\i0 )\
\
01-05 YW:  Jahin inspires the slaves of Genesis to revolt and frees Genesis. Accompanied by his friends he leaves the city in search of allies. Gathering enough allies, Jahin is able to defeat the Chaos Empire, the Dark Legion and the Vampires. But, the war against the drakes of the Ancient Dragon still rages on. 
\b [The Legend Begins]
\b0 \
\
(Space reserved for my next campaign: 
\i Hero of Irdya
\i0 )\
\

\b After the Fall:\
\

\b0 (Space reserved for the final campaign of the Jahin trilogy- 
\i End of Chaos
\i0 )}